---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week, I focused on applying for jobs and tests in my other classes. Unfortunately, I did what Professor Downing said not to do, and scheduled an interview on this past Monday.. It really put me behind in the class.

### What's in your way?
My other classes this semester are quite time consuming, so I still need to work on balancing the work in each class and starting earlier on assignments and readings. In addition, I definitely need to get more comfortable with Python before the test on Thurusday.

### What will you do next week?
This next week is my hell week. I have lengthy assignments and tests I need to study for, as well as continuing to apply for jobs. I'm pretty nervous for this SWE test. On the plus side, we get a break and have no class in SWE on Friday after our test!
---

### My experience in the class:
Since I missed a day of class, I did look at the files covered for the next quiz, however it wasn't enough. In last week's blog, I said that my quiz grades were getting better, but now they are getting worse :(. 

In this week's lectures, Professor Downing gave us more writing activities where we would figure out how to write a piece of code with those around us in class. I feel like our tests will be similar to these activities. 

### Tip of the week:
Don't miss a class unless you have to! I probably could have rescheduled my interview, but I thought it would be okay. Now I feel behind in class. 
