---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week, most of my time went to working on Phase one of our project. My group and I met many times, and we pretty much worked up to the last hour. Thankfully, we were able to finish and I'm very satisfied with the work that we have so far!

I also went to Houston to visit my family and some high school friends this past weekend, which was pretty fun!

### What's in your way?
I have an interview coming up and I tend to get stressed out by these things pretty easily. I also need to work on my android project with my partner in that class. We are behind schedule since we are both in SWE and both prioritized working on Phase one instead. 

### What will you do next week?
This next week, I hope to start on Phase two of the project with my group, and also study for my test in Management next week. I will also hopefully get caught up on schedule with my Android project.

---

### My experience in the class:
This week, we started learning about relations. Luckily, I have taken a few courses that involved relations and SQL (Data Management, Modern Web Apps, and Android touched a bit on SQL) so I am confident that I can do well on this topic. As for the project, my group was rushed to finish by the deadline. The day before the deadline, things were looking a bit rough (we were still working on the pages, things were broken, etc) but after long hours in the lab (12 hours in a single day!) we managed to pull through. 

Also, our grades for the first test were released a little over an hour ago from when I'm writing this.. and I didn't do so hot. I will better prepare for the next test and hopefully earn higher marks.

### Tip of the week:
Split up the work for the project early! My group split the team evenly, 3 for frontend and 3 for backend. After the submission, we decided that we would split the team with 4 for frontend and 2 for backend for Phase two, since progress on the frontend was a tough for Phase one.
